Dad, maybe we should leave.
Well, a person is a bully, do you really think he's going to give us some money?
Mr. Walker asked us here, 10,000 means nothing to these people, it's just better an event
like this, they'll pay up, don't worry.
Well, well, well, look who it is, Greta, all dressed up, trying to snag a man in this
party, aren't you?
What's a janitor doing at a fancy event like this?
Talk about bad luck, didn't they piss off Mr. Walker's son?
How awkward that they showed up.
I invited the janitor here, Mr. Walker, this is but a small token of mine.
You really think I want your lousy cake?
We can't even afford that and you just, just, don't do this.
Mr. Walker, about that, 10,000.
10,000.
Sir, I'm here to tell you that you still owe me 100,000 for the car repairs.